This project has been a great learning experience in expanding my knowledge of utilizing different functions in OpenGL and C++. New design skills that I gained is being able to perform advanced mathematical skills to compute the vertices for variables x, y, and z in order to create my objects. I utilized an agile method for my design process because as the milestone’s level of difficulty was progressing, I had to learn new methods and apply them to the project to adjust to the complexity of the scene. Tactics that were applied to my design approach can be used in the future by maintaining high adaptability to the project as it progresses especially with the complexities. 

A new development strategy that I used for my 3D scene is learning how to apply more variables such as multiple textures, shaders, camera movements, and modifications to the header files accordingly to add more functions. The iteration factor influenced my development because as each milestone prompted me to add more functions to the scene, new concepts had to be studied in depth and multiple practices were performed to meet the criteria. Gaining more familiarity with OpenGL helped me expand my skills in being able to write a better program.

The computational graphics and visualizations course helped me develop my ability to solve problems in different especially with advanced mathematics. This course also taught me how to find better resources with additional tutorials in order to fully understand the material. The new knowledge and skills that I acquired from this course helped to add leverage to my overall skills because I was able to utilize new concepts that I could use in my professional pathway.
